Slack to Dan:

The plan is to emulate target site reasonably closely.

The create interface comes up from clicking the Reserve button on the Spot Details page in the callout box. (Target site allows users not logged-in to click Reserve and then demands a login; I will just start disabling Reserve button for unauthenticated users, so only logged-in users can do the following:)

The default is a new page which the first picture shows; this comes from Airbnb, with a lot of things crossed out to make it simpler. (At page bottom is a "Request to Book" button that does a save if default values are acceptable to user which is not shown on mock-up.) Its title is Request to book; any errors which come up from clicking the Request to Book button will show below the title in red.

The second page is a modal calendar also from Airbnb which comes up from the Edit link on the first page. Airbnb's default is to have dates for the first future 5-day unbooked period; and the calendar is opened to the month that the start date is in; and there is a 2-month viewing area. You cannot view months before the current month. You must specify a start date before an end date by clicking individual dates; there is a default 2-night minimum (eventually hosts can set); clicking the last available date of a given open range gives a feedback popup that says "Checkout only"; clicking a date with only 1 night remaining gives popup that says "2-night minimum." Deleting a start date with Clear Dates or clicking X in the Start Date callout box causes both calendar selection date circles to go away, as does clicking a different 3rd date but this also sets a new start date while clearing both current values; clicking X in the End Date only removes the end date calendar circled spot. Any errors which come up from clicking the Save button will show below the title, which is the number of nights attempted to book at the top left.

The actual db creation is via the Save button on the modal booking calendar interface, or via the Request to Book button on the first page.

Authenticated users will have a Trips profile menu item added to all logged-in user menu; the third page shows how selecting that item takes you to a Trips (Manage Bookings) page and how that looks for users without any trips scheduled. The "Start searching" button will take them to the Landing page.

Otherwise, the Trips (Manage Bookings) page will be similar to Manage Spots: it will show location tiles similar to the Landing page, and underneath will be update / delete buttons (title will be "Trips" instead of "Manage Spots"). Update will bring up the modal booking calendar filled in with the appropriate dates and spot info (disabled dates for other current/future bookings for that site). Delete will act like Delete Spot, bringing up a confirmation modal dialog. You will not be able to update or delete a booking unless the current date is before the startDate of the booking-- (eventually hosts will be able to set a cancellation time frame for booking their locations, which will affect this). Click a tile will still take you to the Spot Details page. Any errors which come up from the Update attempt by clicking the Save button on the modal calendar will, like creation, show underneath the title, which is the number of nights on the left hand side. Any errors which come up from clicking the confirmation Yes Delete Booking button  will show on that modal dialog underneath the title, and not close the dialog.

So, Creation process starts via Reserve button on Spot Details and is completed by Save on the modal calendar or the Request to Book button on the first page with default values.

Update is by going to the Trips profile menu item, getting to the Trips (Manage Bookings) page, and clicking the Update button, which gives the modal calendar interface; the Save button here does an update of the booking.

Reading is by going to the Trips profile menu item to get to the Trips (Manage Bookings) page.

Deletion is by the Delete button on the Trips (Manage Bookings) page (and then confirming it).

Current API supports the get current user bookings for loading the Trips (Manage Bookings) page; although I will only display bookings that have an end date in the future; so only current or future bookings will display for a user trying to make / update a booking. (I have removed the restriction of disallowing owners booking their own spots; this is the planned future way to implement owners/hosts restricting spot availability.)

Current API for get bookings for a spot will support the calendar; although I will eventually modify it to take a parameter specifying the amount of time; for now will perform normally, and I will only show bookings which have end dates that end on the current day or further in the future for 1 year (eventually, hosts will determine how far in the future a location may be booked, which will impact how much data is shown for the calendar view).

Current API for delete a booking will support Delete.

I already have working seed data creating random bookings historical, current, and future.

Not for first round: specifying number of guests; type of guests; host deleting bookings; host parameters for spots affecting bookings; host seeing all data; host modifying price for different date ranges.
